Charts: describe custom styles options (#4725)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChart/5 Series Types/CommonSeries/hoverStyle/highlight.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies whether to lighten the series when a user points to it.

Reviewer: `when a user points to it` With what? A finger?

Author: With a mouse pointer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether to lighten the series when a user hovers the mouse pointer over it.
```
